imprint
Information according to the Telemedia Act
Operator of this website:
Apphype GmbH
Haarwiesenstraße 18
73054 Eislingen Germany

Commercial Register: HRB 749706
Register Court: District Court of Ulm
VAT ID: 63082/30895
EUR VAT ID: DE453351089

CEO: Tobias Auwärter

Email:
app@nicesurveys.com

Content of the online offer
The operator assumes no liability for the topicality, correctness and completeness of the information provided on our website. Liability claims against the operator relating to material or immaterial damage caused by the use or non-use of the information provided or by the use of incorrect or incomplete information are fundamentally excluded, unless there is evidence of wilful intent or gross negligence on the part of the operator.

All offers are subject to change and non-binding. The operator expressly reserves the right to change, supplement or delete parts of the pages or the entire offer without prior notice or to cease publication temporarily or permanently.

References and links
In the case of direct or indirect references to external websites ("hyperlinks") that lie outside the operators area of responsibility, a liability obligation would only come into force if the operator was aware of the content and it was technically possible and reasonable for him to prevent use in the case of illegal content.

The operator hereby expressly declares that no illegal content was recognizable on the linked pages at the time the links were created. The operator has no influence whatsoever on the current and future design, content or authorship of the linked pages. Therefore, the operator hereby expressly distances itself from all content of all linked pages that were changed after the link was created. This statement applies to all links and references set within the operators own website as well as to third-party entries in guest books, discussion forums, link directories, mailing lists and all other forms of databases set up by the operator to whose content external write access is possible. Liability for illegal, incorrect or incomplete content and in particular for damages resulting from the use or non-use of such information lies solely with the provider of the page to which reference is made, and not with the person who merely refers to the respective publication via links.
