Terms
§1 Offer
The website NiceSurveys.com operated by AppHype GmbH - Haarwiesenstraße 18 - 73054 Eislingen offers a platform for reimbursement for the participation in online and offline market research studies at www.NiceSurveys.com - hereafter called NiceSurveys.com.

§2 Registration rules
2.1. The use of NiceSurveys.com requires the login / registration as a user. There is no entitlement to participation. NiceSurveys.com is entitled to reject applications for registration without stating reasons.

2.2. The use is only permitted to real people and full legal capacity residing in the country that he participates in surveys. Minors 14 years and older are allowed to participate with the legal consent of their legal guardian, other minors or legally incompetent persons as well as legal entities are prohibited registering on NiceSurveys.com. Furthermore, only one account per person is allowed, and one single account per household is recommended.

2.3. By registering with NiceSurveys.com the user accepts the terms and conditions and privacy policy of NiceSurveys.com and recognizes them as legally valid.

§3 Registration
3.1. Registration is free of charge and entails no financial obligations.

3.2. During registration the user’s personal data will be enquired. The user is obliged to indicate all data completely and truthfully.

3.3. If the user`s personal data should change, the user is obliged to promptly update this information in his profile or contact our support.

§4 Participation in surveys
4.1. The user earns virtual points at NiceSurveys.com by answering so-called `surveys`, named after the local currency of the users country to allow users to understand that these points can be exchanged against real gift cards and certificates. The value of these points can change any time, does not need to match the real currency in the users country and can be by opening the redeem section. Additional currency points can be earned by promotions, referring friends, increasing the user level and other activities on NiceSurveys.com - The user receives a dynamic compensation for participating in a survey. The compensation will be indicated at the corresponding campaign and is a maximum compensation.

4.1.1. The recognition oft the participation in a survey (hereafter called `Tracking`) can’t be garantueed by NiceSurveys.com. The tracking will be partly done by research partners for our system (possibly via intermediate providers), however if the tracking was not working successfully (failed / is missing), the user is requested to report the problem immediately to the NiceSurveys.com user support via the contact form, after a maximum of 7 working days.

4.1.2. The actual amount of points is calculated individually according to the amount which was paid to us by the program research partner. Because of this, it may in some cases that the actual credit of a participation does not correspond to the approximate value previously displayed. However, this should be the exception, the user is also welcome to contact our user support in such a case.

4.1.3. Unless otherwise noted, participations will be credited to the user immediately and without verification by NiceSurveys.com and the research partner.

4.1.4. The user is not allowed to generate so-called `false registrations` and / or to make misrepresentations. Misrepresentation includes the follwoing:

- Deliberately false statements by the user.

- Unauthorized use of personal data of others

- Use of so-called throwaway or disposable e-mail addresses (also called trashmails).

- Double registrations at a campaign with the same data

- Speeding

- Randomly clicking answers during a survey

- Using VPN or Proxy services

- Any other harm to create successful survey completes, without giving truthful and honest answers, which have a certain amount of value for our research partner

If the user should still make a fraudulent survey completes or registrations, NiceSurveys.com is entitled to exclude the respective user from any services related to NiceSurveys.com and other products of AppHype GmbH. In addition we allow to remove user account balance which was generated through fraudulent activities.

4.1.5. Remuneration of the surveys

4.1.5.1. Generally, participations in survey will be confirmed by the respective research partners immediately. In individual cases, however, there may be a waiting period before participation is confirmed.

4.1.5.2. Participations in surveys can also be declined retrospectively, for example for false registrations, by the respective research partner. Declined participations in surveys will not be remunerated.

4.1.5.3 NiceSurveys.com has no influence on how long a surveys verification takes. This is the research partners sole decision. NiceSurveys.com tries its best to ensure a rapid and instant settlement.

§5 Payment
5.1. Payment of the generated income can only be made via our voucher partner Tremendous.com (or other similar services, that allow to redeem vouchers / money globally). It might be that these voucher partners do not only allow payments in vouchers, but also via PayPal for a certain amount of time. It cannot always be guaranteed that a previously selected payment method or voucher type will be offered permanently by the voucher partner, but we always strive to keep the selection as large as possible globally. There might be additional fees taken from the voucher partner or other third parties like e.g. Paypal for cash payments.

5.2. Before a payment is carried out, NiceSurveys.com examines the relevant user account according to § 4 and may refuse payments in case of infringement.

5.3. We aim to process payments in real time / instantly, but allow up to 60 days after payment has been demanded provided that the examination according to paragraph § 4 has been negative and no other abnormalities have occurred.

5.4. In special cases, NiceSurveys can request ID verification, before processing the (voucher-) payment, which usually will be a verification process of your phone number.

5.5 Tax Liability: You explicitly acknowledge and agree that the points or rewards earned on the NiceSurveys panel may be subject to taxation. It is the sole responsibility of the member to comply with applicable tax regulations.

5.6 Expiration of Points Once points are credited to your account, they will remain valid for one year (12 months) from the date they are earned. If the points are not used within this period, they will automatically expire and be removed from your account.

Additionally, all of your points will immediately expire and be forfeited if you delete your account.

NiceSurveys will not provide any notice regarding the cancellation or forfeiture of your points. NiceSurveys reserves the right to amend these cancellation and forfeiture policies at its sole discretion.

§6 Recruiting members
For NiceSurveys.com members it is possible to recruit new members. In the recruitment program users can receive additional level points and rewards for each recruited member. The compensation depends on the recruited member’s activity and can be adjusted for temporary promotion periods. Please check the referral settings inside your NiceSurveys.com account for current details and promotions.

6.2. NiceSurveys.com is entitled to adjust the recruitment programme to the current market situation at any time .

6.3. An overview of the recruited members and their activities can be found in the statistics.

6.4. NiceSurveys.com reserves the right to discontinue the referral program at any time without giving reasons.

§7 Liability
7.1. NiceSurveys.com is not liable for any damage resulting from the participation in surveys or partner registrations.

§8 Data protection
8.1. The user`s personal data is stored. The data will be stored until NiceSurveys.com ceases to provide its service, the user deletes his user account or the user account is blocked by NiceSurveys.com. The full privacy policy can be  viewed here.

§9 Saving clause
9.1. If a clause in these conditions is invalid, it does not change the validity of the other clauses. If any clause of these condictions is invalid only in part, the other parts remain valid. The parties are required to replace an invalid clause with a valid one that comes closest to achieving the purpose of the invalid provision.

§10 Edition of the Terms and Conditions
Germany, 5 August 2022
